Brood size decreases with (adult) body mass, so that an elephant has fewer young (usually just one) per brood than a mouse.
In "Iliad", his priest prays to "Apollo Smintheus", the mouse god who retains an older agricultural function as the protector from field rats.
On the keyboard shown, the round buttons at the top control software which can magnify the screen (zoom in), change the background color of the screen, or make the mouse cursor on the screen larger.
Eye gaze and head mouse systems can also be used as an alternative mouse navigation.
Aluminium sulfate has an LD50 of 6207 mg/kg (oral, mouse), which corresponds to 435 grams for an person.
In recent studies, if Nogo-A is blocked and neutralized, it is possible to induce long-distance axonal regeneration which leads to enhancement of functional recovery in rats and mouse spinal cord.
Indeed, an ouabain block of - pumps in the cerebellum of a live mouse results in it displaying ataxia and dystonia.
They could capture mouse input and also had controls like buttons or check boxes.
The endangered animals include the Alabama beach mouse, gray bat, Alabama red-bellied turtle, fin and humpback whales, bald eagle, and wood stork.
A 2014 review in "Nature Reviews Cancer" analyzed mouse studies that suggested acupuncture relieves pain via the local release of adenosine, which then triggered nearby A1 receptors.
Another time Agesilaus watched a mouse being pulled from its hole by a small boy.
When the mouse turned around, bit the hand of its captor and escaped, he pointed this out to those present and said, "When the tiniest creature defends itself like this against aggressors, what ought men to do, do you reckon?"
Alfonso XIII is also mentioned on the plaque that the City Council of Madrid dedicated in 2003 to Ratoncito Pérez on the second floor of number eight of , where the mouse was said to have lived.
Four of the five mice survived the flight, though only two of them appeared healthy and active; the cause of death of the fifth mouse was not determined.
Keyboard and mouse.
Like IBM-compatible computers, the mouse has two buttons, but in AmigaOS, pressing and holding the right button replaces the system status line at the top of the screen with a Maclike menu bar.
The mouse plugs into one of two Atari joystick ports used for joysticks, game paddles, and graphics tablets.
The keyboard, mouse, display, disk drives and network were all controlled by a microkernel.
Each OS in turn would get possession of the keyboard, mouse and display.
With the release of MousePaint in 1984 and the Apple II in 1986, the platform took on the look of the Macintosh user interface, including a mouse.
The Apple IIc was the first Apple II to use the 65C02 low-power variant of the 6502 processor, and featured a built-in 5.25-inch floppy drive and 128 KB RAM, with a built-in disk controller that could control external drives, composite video (NTSC or PAL), serial interfaces for modem and printer, and a port usable by either a joystick or mouse.
The GS includes a 32-voice Ensoniq 5503 DOC sample-based sound synthesizer chip with 64 KB dedicated RAM, 256 KB (or later 1.125 MB) of standard RAM, built-in peripheral ports (switchable between IIe-style card slots and IIc-style onboard controllers for disk drives, mouse, RGB video, and serial devices) and, built-in AppleTalk networking.
The joystick and mouse ports, formerly on the right side of the machine, are in a niche underneath the keyboard.
With the release of MousePaint in 1984 and the Apple II in 1986, the platform took on the look of the Macintosh user interface, including a mouse.
In vivo studies conducted on the dentate gyrus of the hippocampus noted an increase in the proliferation of BrdU positive cells in response to 100 μg of 5-MeO-DMT injected intravenously in the adult mouse brain.
Specific antibodies are produced by injecting an antigen into a mammal, such as a mouse, rat, rabbit, goat, sheep, or horse for large quantities of antibody.
That axis was always in a plane that contained the axes of two movement pick-off rollers, quite similar to the mechanism of a rolling-ball computer mouse (in that mechanism, the pick-off rollers were roughly the same diameter as the ball).
Since a -/- mutation in the APAF-1 gene is embryonic lethal, a gene trap strategy was used in order to generate an APAF-1 -/- mouse.
A BAX-1 knock-out mouse exhibits normal forebrain formation and a decreased programmed cell death in some neuronal populations and in the spinal cord, leading to an increase in motor neurons .
According to a 2015 paper published in "Journal of Evolutionary Biology", research based on mouse mitochondrial DNA points to a Scandinavian rather than Portuguese origin of the local mouse population.
It used a standardized set of icons to indicate mouse driven commands available online and to recognize different filetypes present on BBS storage media.
A Human-Derived, Genetic, Positron-emitting and Fluorescent (HD-GPF) reporter system uses a human protein, PSMA and non-immunogenic, and a small molecule that is positron-emitting (boron bound 18F) and fluorescence for dual modality PET and fluorescent imaging of genome modified cells, e.g. cancer, CRISPR/Cas9, or CAR T-cells, in an entire mouse.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency recognizes mouse acute oral feeding studies where doses as high as 5,000 mg/kg body weight resulted in no observed adverse effects.
An exception was in Samara where the yellow-necked mouse ("Apodemus flavicollis"), one of the largest of its genus at , made up 20.9%, putting it just behind the common vole in importance.
Rodent prey taken have ranged in size from the Eurasian harvest mouse ("Micromys minutus") to the non-native, muskrat ("Ondatra zibethicus").
However, it has been indicated that the main prey remains consist of rodents such as the four-striped grass mouse ("Rhabdomys pumilio") and Cape mole-rats ("Georychus capensis").
In August 2020, scientists described one way cells – in particular cells of a slime mold and mouse pancreatic cancer–derived cells – are able to navigate efficiently through a body and identify the best routes through complex mazes: generating gradients after breaking down diffused chemoattractants which enable them to sense upcoming maze junctions before reaching them, including around corners.
As part of this research, they tested the scenting abilities of various breeds by putting a mouse in a one-acre field and timing how long it took the dogs to find it.
The POST identifies, tests and initializes system devices such as the CPU, chipset, RAM, motherboard, video card, keyboard, mouse, hard disk drive, optical disc drive and other hardware, including integrated peripherals.
She visited Hill Top at every opportunity, and her books written during this period (such as "The Tale of Ginger and Pickles", about the local shop in Near Sawrey and "The Tale of Mrs. Tittlemouse", a wood mouse) reflect her increasing participation in village life and her delight in country living.
Thus, the singulative of the collective "mice" is "mouse".
The I/O board offers four serial ports (9-pin D-sub), a PS/2 mouse port, two joystick ports (15-pin D-sub).
Some examples include the improvement of crop technology ("not a medical application", but see biological systems engineering), the manufacture of synthetic human insulin through the use of modified bacteria, the manufacture of erythropoietin in hamster ovary cells, and the production of new types of experimental mice such as the oncomouse (cancer mouse) for research.
The genus name, "Balaenoptera", means "winged whale" while the species name, "musculus", could mean "muscle" or a diminutive form of "mouse", possibly a pun by Carl Linnaeus when he named the species in "Systema Naturae".
The six mice carved on the side of the "mouse organ" (a small mechanical pipe organ that played rolls of music) wake up and scurry around, singing in high-pitched voices.
This happens through a user interface, which includes the hardware used to interact with the computer, like mouse, keyboard, and monitor, as well as the software used in the process.
The Cheirogaleidae are the family of strepsirrhine primates containing the various dwarf and mouse lemurs.
Dwarf and mouse lemurs are nocturnal and arboreal.
For example, the copyright to a Mickey Mouse cartoon restricts others from making copies of the cartoon or creating derivative works based on Disney's particular anthropomorphic mouse, but does not prohibit the creation of other works about anthropomorphic mice in general, so long as they are different enough to not be judged copies of Disney's.
Most common are the use of game controllers like gamepads and joysticks for most consoles, and as accessories for personal computer systems along keyboard and mouse controls.
Endangered animals include the San Joaquin kitfox, Point Arena mountain beaver, Pacific pocket mouse, salt marsh harvest mouse, Morro Bay kangaroo rat (and five other species of kangaroo rat), Amargosa vole, California least tern, California condor, loggerhead shrike, San Clemente sage sparrow, San Francisco garter snake, five species of salamander, three species of chub, and two species of pupfish.
Cyprus is home to a number of endemites, including the Cypriot mouse, the golden oak and the Cyprus cedar.
Shannon's mouse.
"Theseus", created in 1950, was a mechanical mouse controlled by an electromechanical relay circuit that enabled it to move around a labyrinth of 25 squares.
The mouse was designed to search through the corridors until it found the target.
Having travelled through the maze, the mouse could then be placed anywhere it had been before, and because of its prior experience it could go directly to the target.
Shannon's mouse appears to have been the first artificial learning device of its kind.
&lt;noun&gt; ::= cat | mouse
Other words in Cornish inherited direct from Proto-Celtic include a number of toponyms, for example 'hill', 'fort', and 'land', and a variety of animal names such as 'mouse', 'wether', 'pigs', and 'bull'.
Unlike pressing a chord on a piano, the chord is recognized only after all the keys or mouse buttons are released.
Doug Engelbart began experimenting with keysets to use with the mouse in the mid 1960s.
In a famous 1968 demonstration, Engelbart introduced a computer human interface that included the QWERTY keyboard, a three button mouse, and a five key keyset.
Engelbart used the keyset with his left hand and the mouse with his right to type text and enter commands.
The mouse buttons marked selections and confirmed or aborted commands.
Users in Engelbart's Augmentation Research Center at SRI became proficient with the mouse and keyset.
In the 1970s the funding Engelbart's group received from the Advanced Research Projects Agency (ARPA) was cut and many key members of Engelbart's team went to work for Xerox PARC where they continued to experiment with the mouse and keyset.
A one button version of the mouse was incorporated into the Apple Macintosh but Steve Jobs decided against incorporating the chorded keyset.
It is proposed for the hand which does not hold the mouse, in an exact continuation of Engelbart's vision.
Alphecca signifies the youngest and most comely sister, who was seized by a hunter who transformed into a field mouse to get close to her.
High priority microthreads provided (in decreasing priority) video, network, disk, a periodic timer, mouse, and keyboard.
Mammals of Crete include the vulnerable kri-kri, "Capra aegagrus cretica" that can be seen in the national park of the Samaria Gorge and on Thodorou, Dia and Agioi Pantes (islets off the north coast), the Cretan wildcat and the Cretan spiny mouse.
This version includes most content from the Nintendo DS port besides the arena mode, as well as the higher resolution graphics from the mobile device releases, support for mouse and keyboard controls, and autosave features, along with additional content such as wallpapers and music.
A modern system might have a multi-core CPU, DDR4 SDRAM for memory, a solid-state drive for secondary storage, a graphics card and LCD as a display system, a mouse and keyboard for interaction, and a Wi-Fi connection for networking.
However, these high-performance systems are generally too expensive to implement in low-end devices, like a mouse.
Scientists therefore assume that African wildcats were attracted to early human settlements in the Fertile Crescent by rodents, in particular the house mouse ("Mus musculus"), and were tamed by Neolithic farmers.
This cat and mouse behavior is due to an instinctive imperative to ensure that the prey is weak enough to be killed without endangering the cat.
These are mainly of noctuid moths – noted for feeding on many poisonous plants without harm – such as cabbage moth ("Mamestra brassicae"), dot moth ("Melanchra persicariae") and mouse moth ("Amphipyra tragopoginis").
Caffeine is an antagonist of adenosine A2A receptors, and knockout mouse studies have specifically implicated antagonism of the A2A receptor as responsible for the wakefulness-promoting effects of caffeine.
Many strepsirrhine species exhibit elongated clitorises that are either fully or partially tunneled by the urethra, including mouse lemurs, dwarf lemurs, all "Eulemur" species, lorises and galagos.
Some of these species also exhibit a membrane seal across the vagina that closes the vaginal opening during the non-mating seasons, most notably mouse and dwarf lemurs.
During the non-breeding season, their vaginal opening is covered by skin, akin to the condition seen in mouse and dwarf lemurs.
In a study concerning the clitoral structure of mice, the mouse perineal urethra was documented as being surrounded by erectile tissue forming the bulbs of the clitoris.
The researchers stated, "In the mouse, as in human females, tissue organization in the corpora cavernosa of the clitoris is essentially similar to that of the penis except for the absence of a subalbugineal layer interposed between the tunica albuginea and the erectile tissue."
A computer mouse (plural mice, also mouses) is a hand-held pointing device that detects two-dimensional motion relative to a surface.
The first public demonstration of a mouse controlling a computer system was in 1968.
The earliest known written use of the term "mouse" in reference to a computer pointing device is in Bill English's July 1965 publication, "Computer-Aided Display Control", likely originating from its resemblance to the shape and size of a mouse, a rodent, with the cord resembling its tail.
The plural for a computer mouse is either "mice" or "mouses" according to most dictionaries, with "mice" being more common.
Engelbart's first "mouse".
Douglas Engelbart of the Stanford Research Institute (now SRI International) has been credited in published books by Thierry Bardini, Paul Ceruzzi, Howard Rheingold, and several others as the inventor of the computer mouse.
In 1964, Bill English joined ARC, where he helped Engelbart build the first mouse prototype.
They christened the device the "mouse" as early models had a cord attached to the rear part of the device which looked like a tail, and in turn resembled the common mouse.
As noted above, this "mouse" was first mentioned in print in a July 1965 report, on which English was the lead author.
On 9 December 1968, Engelbart publicly demonstrated the mouse at what would come to be known as The Mother of All Demos.
Engelbart never received any royalties for it, as his employer SRI held the patent, which expired before the mouse became widely used in personal computers.
In any event, the invention of the mouse was just a small part of Engelbart's much larger project of augmenting human intellect.
Several other experimental pointing-devices developed for Engelbart's oN-Line System (NLS) exploited different body movements – for example, head-mounted devices attached to the chin or nose – but ultimately the mouse won out because of its speed and convenience.
The first mouse, a bulky device (pictured) used two potentiometers perpendicular to each other and connected to wheels: the rotation of each wheel translated into motion along one axis.
At the time of the "Mother of All Demos", Engelbart's group had been using their second generation, 3-button mouse for about a year.
First rolling-ball mouse.
On 2 October 1968, three years after Engelbart's prototype but more than two months before his public demo, a mouse device named "" (German for "rolling ball control") was shown in a sales brochure by the German company AEG-Telefunken as an optional input device for the SIG 100 vector graphics terminal, part of the system around their process computer TR 86 and the main frame.
Based on an even earlier trackball device, the mouse device had been developed by the company since 1966 in what had been a parallel and independent discovery.
As the name suggests and unlike Engelbart's mouse, the Telefunken model already had a ball (diameter 40 mm, weight 40 g) and two mechanical 4-bit rotational position transducers with Gray code-like states, allowing easy movement in any direction.
The Xerox Alto was one of the first computers designed for individual use in 1973 and is regarded as the first modern computer to use a mouse.
Inspired by PARC's Alto, the Lilith, a computer which had been developed by a team around Niklaus Wirth at ETH Zürich between 1978 and 1980, provided a mouse as well.
The third marketed version of an integrated mouse shipped as a part of a computer and intended for personal computer navigation came with the Xerox 8010 Star in 1981.
By 1982, the Xerox 8010 was probably the best-known computer with a mouse.
The Sun-1 also came with a mouse, and the forthcoming Apple Lisa was rumored to use one, but the peripheral remained obscure; Jack Hawley of The Mouse House reported that one buyer for a large organization believed at first that his company sold lab mice.
Hawley, who manufactured mice for Xerox, stated that "Practically, I have the market all to myself right now"; a Hawley mouse cost $415.
In 1982, Logitech introduced the P4 Mouse at the Comdex trade show in Las Vegas, its first hardware mouse.
That same year Microsoft made the decision to make the MS-DOS program Microsoft Word mouse-compatible, and developed the first PC-compatible mouse.
Microsoft's mouse shipped in 1983, thus beginning the Microsoft Hardware division of the company.
However, the mouse remained relatively obscure until the appearance of the Macintosh 128K (which included an updated version of the single-button Lisa Mouse) in 1984, and of the Amiga 1000 and the Atari ST in 1985.
A mouse typically controls the motion of a pointer in two dimensions in a graphical user interface (GUI).
The mouse turns movements of the hand backward and forward, left and right into equivalent electronic signals that in turn are used to move the pointer.
The relative movements of the mouse on the surface are applied to the position of the pointer on the screen, which signals the point where actions of the user take place, so hand movements are replicated by the pointer.
Different ways of operating the mouse cause specific things to happen in the GUI:
Users can also employ mice "gesturally", meaning that a stylized motion of the mouse cursor itself, called a "gesture", can issue a command or map to a specific action.
For example, in a drawing program, moving the mouse in a rapid "x" motion over a shape might delete the shape.
Other uses of the mouse's input occur commonly in special application domains.
In interactive three-dimensional graphics, the mouse's motion often translates directly into changes in the virtual objects' or camera's orientation.
For example, in the first-person shooter genre of games (see below), players usually employ the mouse to control the direction in which the virtual player's "head" faces: moving the mouse up will cause the player to look up, revealing the view above the player's head.
Often, the primary (leftmost in a right-handed configuration) button on the mouse will select items, and the secondary (rightmost in a right-handed) button will bring up a menu of alternative actions applicable to that item.
For example, on platforms with more than one button, the Mozilla web browser will follow a link in response to a primary button click, will bring up a contextual menu of alternative actions for that link in response to a secondary-button click, and will often open the link in a new tab or window in response to a click with the tertiary (middle) mouse button.
The German company Telefunken published on their early ball mouse on 2 October 1968.
Telefunken's mouse was sold as optional equipment for their computer systems.
Bill English, builder of Engelbart's original mouse, created a ball mouse in 1972 while working for Xerox PARC.
The ball mouse replaced the external wheels with a single ball that could rotate in any direction.
Perpendicular chopper wheels housed inside the mouse's body chopped beams of light on the way to light sensors, thus detecting in their turn the motion of the ball.
This variant of the mouse resembled an inverted trackball and became the predominant form used with personal computers throughout the 1980s and 1990s.
The Xerox PARC group also settled on the modern technique of using both hands to type on a full-size keyboard and grabbing the mouse when required.
The ball mouse has two freely rotating rollers.
One roller detects the forward-backward motion of the mouse and the other the left-right motion.
The mouse sends these signals to the computer system via the mouse cable, directly as logic signals in very old mice such as the Xerox mice, and via a data-formatting IC in modern mice.
The driver software in the system converts the signals into motion of the mouse cursor along X and Y axes on the computer screen.
The weight of the ball, given an appropriate working surface under the mouse, provides a reliable grip so the mouse's movement is transmitted accurately.
Based on another invention by Jack Hawley, proprietor of the Mouse House, Honeywell produced another type of mechanical mouse.
This new design incorporated a single hard rubber mouseball and three buttons, and remained a common design until the mainstream adoption of the scroll-wheel mouse during the 1990s.
Through this innovation, Sommer is credited with inventing a significant component of the mouse, which made it more "intelligent"; though optical mice from Mouse Systems had incorporated microprocessors by 1984.
Another type of mechanical mouse, the "analog mouse" (now generally regarded as obsolete), uses potentiometers rather than encoder wheels, and is typically designed to be plug compatible with an analog joystick.
Early optical mice relied entirely on one or more light-emitting diodes (LEDs) and an imaging array of photodiodes to detect movement relative to the underlying surface, eschewing the internal moving parts a mechanical mouse uses in addition to its optics.
A laser mouse is an optical mouse that uses coherent (laser) light.
The earliest optical mice detected movement on pre-printed mousepad surfaces, whereas the modern LED optical mouse works on most opaque diffuse surfaces; it is usually unable to detect movement on specular surfaces like polished stone.
Later, more surface-independent optical mice use an optoelectronic sensor (essentially, a tiny low-resolution video camera) to take successive images of the surface on which the mouse operates.
A patent for an inertial mouse claims that such mice consume less power than optically based mice, and offer increased sensitivity, reduced weight and increased ease-of-use.
In combination with a wireless keyboard an inertial mouse can offer alternative ergonomic arrangements which do not require a flat work surface, potentially alleviating some types of repetitive motion injuries related to workstation posture.
This wireless mouse was worn on a ring around a finger, which enabled the thumb to access three buttons.
The mouse was tracked in three dimensions by a base station.
In November 2010 a German Company called Axsotic introduced a new concept of 3D mouse called 3D Spheric Mouse.
A contactless sensor design uses a magnetic sensor array for sensing three aches translation and two optical mouse sensors for three aches rotation.
In 2000, Logitech introduced a "tactile mouse" known as the "iFeel Mouse" developed by Immersion Corporation that contained a small actuator to enable the mouse to generate simulated physical sensations.
Such a mouse can augment user-interfaces with haptic feedback, such as giving feedback when crossing a window boundary.
To surf the internet by touch-enabled mouse was first developed in 1996 and first implemented commercially by the Wingman Force Feedback Mouse.
As the name suggests, this type of mouse is intended to provide optimum comfort and avoid injuries such as carpal tunnel syndrome, arthritis, and other repetitive strain injuries.
When holding a typical mouse, the ulna and radius bones on the arm are crossed.
A mouse may be angled from the thumb downward to the opposite side – this is known to reduce wrist pronation.
However such optimizations make the mouse right or left hand specific, making more problematic to change the tired hand.
The so-called "roller bar mouse" is positioned snugly in front of the keyboard, thus allowing bi-manual accessibility.
The additional buttons can often be used for changing the sensitivity of the mouse or they can be assigned (programmed) to macros (i.e., for opening a program or for use instead of a key combination).
Some advanced mice from gaming manufacturers also allow users to adjust the weight of the mouse by adding or subtracting weights to allow for easier control.
Ergonomic quality is also an important factor in gaming mouse, as extended gameplay times may render further use of the mouse to be uncomfortable.
A bus mouse used a dedicated interface card for connection to an IBM PC or compatible computer.
Mouse use in DOS applications became more common after the introduction of the Microsoft Mouse, largely because Microsoft provided an open standard for communication between applications and mouse driver software.
Thus, any application written to use the Microsoft standard could use a mouse with a driver that implements the same API, even if the mouse hardware itself was incompatible with Microsoft's.
This driver provides the state of the buttons and the distance the mouse has moved in units that its documentation calls "mickeys".
In the 1970s, the Xerox Alto mouse, and in the 1980s the Xerox optical mouse, used a quadrature-encoded X and Y interface.
The earliest mass-market mice, such as on the original Macintosh, Amiga, and Atari ST mice used a D-subminiature 9-pin connector to send the quadrature-encoded X and Y axis signals directly, plus one pin per mouse button.
The mouse was a simple optomechanical device, and the decoding circuitry was all in the main computer.
As a result, plugging a mouse into a joystick port causes the "joystick" to continuously move in some direction, even if the mouse stays still, whereas plugging a joystick into a mouse port causes the "mouse" to only be able to move a single pixel in each direction.
Because the IBM PC did not have a quadrature decoder built in, early PC mice used the RS-232C serial port to communicate encoded mouse movements, as well as provide power to the mouse's circuits.
In default mode (called "stream mode") a PS/2 mouse communicates motion, and the state of each button, by means of 3-byte packets.
For any motion, button press or button release event, a PS/2 mouse sends, over a bi-directional serial port, a sequence of three bytes, with the following format:
Here, XS and YS represent the sign bits of the movement vectors, XV and YV indicate an overflow in the respective vector component, and LB, MB and RB indicate the status of the left, middle and right mouse buttons (1 = pressed).
The Typhoon mouse uses 6-byte packets which can appear as a sequence of two standard 3-byte packets, such that an ordinary PS/2 driver can handle them.
Many mice that use a USB receiver have a storage compartment for it inside the mouse.
MS-DOS and Windows 1.0 support connecting a mouse such as a Microsoft Mouse via multiple interfaces: BallPoint, Bus (InPort), Serial port or PS/2.
The same idea is sometimes used in collaborative software, e.g. to simulate a whiteboard that multiple users can draw on without passing a single mouse around.
The new input points provide traditional mouse input; however, they were designed with other input technologies like touch and image in mind.
Users most commonly employ the second button to invoke a contextual menu in the computer's software user interface, which contains options specifically tailored to the interface element over which the mouse cursor currently sits.
By default, the primary mouse button sits located on the left-hand side of the mouse, for the benefit of right-handed users; left-handed users can usually reverse this configuration via software.
Those with a trackball may be designed to stay stationary, using the trackball instead of moving the mouse.
Mickeys per second is a unit of measurement for the speed and movement direction of a computer mouse, where direction is often expressed as "horizontal" versus "vertical" mickey count.
However, speed can also refer to the ratio between how many pixels the cursor moves on the screen and how far the mouse moves on the mouse pad, which may be expressed as pixels per mickey, pixels per inch, or pixels per centimeter.
The computer industry often measures mouse sensitivity in terms of counts per inch (CPI), commonly expressed as dots per inch (DPI)the number of steps the mouse will report when it moves one inch.
If the default mouse-tracking condition involves moving the cursor by one screen-pixel or dot on-screen per reported step, then the CPI does equate to DPI: dots of cursor motion per inch of mouse motion.
The CPI or DPI as reported by manufacturers depends on how they make the mouse; the higher the CPI, the faster the cursor moves with mouse movement.
However, software can adjust the mouse sensitivity, making the cursor move faster or slower than its CPI. software can change the speed of the cursor dynamically, taking into account the mouse's absolute speed and the movement from the last stop-point.
Mouse acceleration in most mouse software refers to the change in speed of the cursor over time while the mouse movement is constant.
For simple software, when the mouse starts to move, the software will count the number of "counts" or "mickeys" received from the mouse and will move the cursor across the screen by that number of pixels (or multiplied by a rate factor, typically less than 1).
When the movement of the mouse passes the value set for some threshold, the software will start to move the cursor faster, with a greater rate factor.
Operating systems sometimes apply acceleration, referred to as "ballistics", to the motion reported by the mouse.
Engelbart's original mouse did not require a mousepad; the mouse had two large wheels which could roll on virtually any surface.
However, most subsequent mechanical mice starting with the steel roller ball mouse have required a mousepad for optimal performance.
The mousepad, the most common mouse accessory, appears most commonly in conjunction with mechanical mice, because to roll smoothly the ball requires more friction than common desk surfaces usually provide.
Whether to use a hard or soft mousepad with an optical mouse is largely a matter of personal preference.
Some mice also come with small "pads" attached to the bottom surface, also called mouse feet or mouse skates, that help the user slide the mouse smoothly across surfaces.
Around 1981, Xerox included mice with its Xerox Star, based on the mouse used in the 1970s on the Alto computer at Xerox PARC.
Later, inspired by the Star, Apple Computer released the Apple Lisa, which also used a mouse.
Only with the release of the Apple Macintosh in 1984 did the mouse see widespread use.
In November 2008, Logitech built their billionth mouse.
The Classic Mac OS Desk Accessory "Puzzle" in 1984 was the first game designed specifically for a mouse.
FPSs naturally lend themselves to separate and simultaneous control of the player's movement and aim, and on computers this has traditionally been achieved with a combination of keyboard and mouse.
Players use the X-axis of the mouse for looking (or turning) left and right, and the Y-axis for looking up and down; the keyboard is used for movement and supplemental inputs.
Many shooting genre players prefer a mouse over a gamepad analog stick because the wide range of motion offered by a mouse allows for faster and more varied control.
The effect of this is that a mouse is well suited not only to small, precise movements but also to large, quick movements and immediate, responsive movements; all of which are important in shooter gaming.
Some incorrectly ported games or game engines have acceleration and interpolation curves which unintentionally produce excessive, irregular, or even negative acceleration when used with a mouse instead of their native platform's non-mouse default input device.
In particular, real-time strategy and MOBA games usually require the use of a mouse.
Since the mouse serves for aiming, a mouse that tracks movement accurately and with less lag (latency) will give a player an advantage over players with less accurate or slower mice.
In some cases the right mouse button may be used to move the player forward, either in lieu of, or in conjunction with the typical WASD configuration.
Players could achieve this by holding down a key for strafing while continuously aiming the mouse toward the opponent.
Many games, such as first- or third-person shooters, have a setting named "invert mouse" or similar (not to be confused with "button inversion", sometimes performed by left-handed users) which allows the user to look downward by moving the mouse forward and upward by moving the mouse backward (the opposite of non-inverted movement).
After id Software's commercial hit of "Doom", which did not support vertical aiming, competitor Bungie's "Marathon" became the first first-person shooter to support using the mouse to aim up and down.
The "invert" feature actually made the mouse behave in a manner that users regard as non-inverted (by default, moving mouse forward resulted in looking down).
In 1988, the VTech Socrates educational video game console featured a wireless mouse with an attached mouse pad as an optional controller used for some games.
In the early 1990s, the Super Nintendo Entertainment System video game system featured a mouse in addition to its controllers.
A mouse was also released for the Nintendo 64, although it was only released in Japan.
The 1992 game "Mario Paint" in particular used the mouse's capabilities, as did its Japanese-only successor "Mario Artist" on the N64 for its 64DD disk drive peripheral in 1999.
Sony released an official mouse product for the PlayStation console, included one along with the Linux for PlayStation 2 kit, as well as allowing owners to use virtually any USB mouse with the PS2, PS3, and PS4.
Nintendo's Wii also had this feature implemented in a later software update, and this support was retained on its successor, the Wii U. Microsoft's Xbox line of game consoles (which used operaring systems based on modified versions of Windows NT) also had universal-wide mouse support using USB.
Stem cells in resting mouse skin may have a cycle time of more than 200 hours.
Telocentric chromosomes occur naturally in many species, such as the house mouse, in which all chromosomes except the Y are telocentric.
The 1350 is a digital device, read from the joystick registers (and can be used with any program supporting joystick input); while the 1351 is a true, analog potentiometer based, mouse, read with the SID's analog-to-digital converter.
A context menu (also called contextual, shortcut, and pop up or pop-up menu) is a menu in a graphical user interface (GUI) that appears upon user interaction, such as a right-click mouse operation.
Windows mouse click behavior is such that the context menu doesn't open while the mouse button is pressed, but only opens the menu when the button is released, so the user has to click again to select a context menu item.
The following year Jones created his first major character, Sniffles, a cute Disney-style mouse, who went on to star in twelve Warner Bros. cartoons.
Apollo Smintheus (Greek ), the mouse killer who eliminates mice, a primary cause of disease, hence he promotes preventive medicine.
He is best known for his work on founding the field of human–computer interaction, particularly while at his Augmentation Research Center Lab in SRI International, which resulted in creation of the computer mouse, and the development of hypertext, networked computers, and precursors to graphical user interfaces.
NLS, the "oN-Line System," developed by the Augmentation Research Center under Engelbart's guidance with funding primarily from ARPA (as DARPA was then known), demonstrated numerous technologies, most of which are now in widespread use; it included the computer mouse, bitmapped screens, hypertext; all of which were displayed at "The Mother of All Demos" in 1968.
He and his team developed computer interface elements such as bitmapped screens, the mouse, hypertext, collaborative tools, and precursors to the graphical user interface.
Engelbart applied for a patent in 1967 and received it in 1970, for the wooden shell with two metal wheels (computer mouse – ), which he had developed with Bill English, his lead engineer, sometime before 1965.
Engelbart later revealed that it was nicknamed the "mouse" because the tail came out the end.
He never received any royalties for the invention of the mouse.
During an interview, he said "SRI patented the mouse, but they really had no idea of its value.
In 2005, he was made a Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for advancing the study of human–computer interaction, developing the mouse input device, and for the application of computers to improving organizational efficiency."
Players direct the controllable characters around the game world by clicking with the computer mouse.
This was the last SCUMM game to use the original interface of having the bottom of the screen being taken up by a verb selection and inventory; starting with the next game to use the SCUMM engine, "Sam &amp; Max Hit the Road", the engine was modified to scroll through a more concise list of verbs with the right mouse button and having the inventory on a separate screen.
Research is often carried out on an animal model, the Ts65Dn mouse.
"The mountains will be in labor, but all that will be born is a ridiculous ... mouse"
Common methods of digital drawing include a stylus or finger on a touchscreen device, stylus- or finger-to-touchpad, or in some cases, a mouse.
Prey animals in India include chital, sambar deer, muntjac, mouse deer, barasingha, wild boar, gaur, water buffaloes, banteng, cattle, nilgai, goats, Indian hares, Himalayan field rats and langurs.
The concentration of DMT needed for σ1 activation "in vitro" (50–100 μM) is similar to the behaviorally active concentration measured in mouse brain of approximately 106 μM This is minimally 4 orders of magnitude higher than the average concentrations measured in rat brain tissue or human plasma under basal conditions (see Endogenous DMT), so σ1 receptors are likely to be activated only under conditions of high local DMT concentrations.
The DOM also provides access to user actions such as pressing a key and clicking the mouse.
For example, to highlight the text in a heading when the user moves the mouse pointer over it, you can use the style object to enlarge the font and change its color, as shown in the following simple example.
For example, the word "mouse" has acquired the meaning of a computer mouse from its usage in many languages (English "mouse", French "souris", Dutch "muis", Spanish "ratón", etc.).
The functional layer thickens and then is shed during menstruation in humans and some other mammals, including apes, Old World monkeys, some species of bat, the elephant shrew and the Cairo spiny mouse.
A zero-click attack is an exploit that requires no user interaction to operate – that is to say, no key-presses or mouse clicks.
Even at the very low doses that are comparable to those self-administered by humans, MDMA causes oxidative stress and both single and double-strand breaks in the DNA of the hippocampus region of the mouse brain.
In 1942 Blyton released the first book in the Mary Mouse series, "Mary Mouse and the Dolls' House", about a mouse exiled from her mousehole who becomes a maid at a dolls' house.
"la kato ĉasis la muson en la domo" (the cat chased the mouse in [inside of] the house)
"la kato ĉasis la muson en la domon" (the cat chased the mouse into the house).
Impersonal subjects are not used: "pluvas" (it is raining), "estas muso en la domo" (there is a mouse in the house).
Conditional deletion of the MAPK7gene in mouse neural stem cells impairs several pheromone-mediated behaviors, including aggression and mating in male mice.
Using mouse urine as a natural pheromone-containing solution, it has been shown that the impairment was associated with defective detection of related pheromones, and with changes in their inborn preference for pheromones related to sexual and reproductive activities.
"Old Christmass Returnd", a ballad collected by Samuel Pepys, celebrated the revival of festivities in the latter part of the century: "Old Christmass is come for to keep open house / He scorns to be guilty of starving a mouse, / Then come boyes and welcome, for dyet the chief / Plumb pudding, Goose, Capon, minc't pies &amp; Roast beef".
If he were killing a mouse he would know how to make it seem like a dragon."
The 50% lethal dose is about 0.34 mmol/kg (IV, mouse) or 100–200 mg/kg.
Widely used model organisms include the gut bacterium "Escherichia coli", the plant "Arabidopsis thaliana", baker's yeast ("Saccharomyces cerevisiae"), the nematode "Caenorhabditis elegans", the common fruit fly ("Drosophila melanogaster"), the zebrafish ("Danio rerio"), and the common house mouse ("Mus musculus").
The WIMP style of interaction uses a virtual input device to represent the position of a pointing device's interface, most often a mouse, and presents information organized in windows and represented with icons.
These support styles of interaction using more than one finger in contact with a display, which allows actions such as pinching and rotating, which are unsupported by one pointer and mouse.
Human interface devices, for the efficient interaction with a GUI include a computer keyboard, especially used together with keyboard shortcuts, pointing devices for the cursor (or rather pointer) control: mouse, pointing stick, touchpad, trackball, joystick, virtual keyboards, and head-up displays (translucent information devices at the eye level).
In the late 1960s, researchers at the Stanford Research Institute, led by Douglas Engelbart, developed the On-Line System (NLS), which used text-based hyperlinks manipulated with a then-new device: the mouse.
The first genetically modified animal, a mouse, was created in 1974 by Rudolf Jaenisch, and the first plant was produced in 1983.
In 1974, Rudolf Jaenisch created a transgenic mouse by introducing foreign DNA into its embryo, making it the world's first transgenic animal.
Mice with genes removed (termed a knockout mouse) were created in 1989.
Proteins currently developed to be expressed by silkworms include; human serum albumin, human collagen α-chain, mouse monoclonal antibody and N-glycanase.
Rudolf Jaenisch created the first GM animal when he inserted foreign DNA into a mouse in 1974.
A year later Rudolf Jaenisch created a transgenic mouse by introducing foreign DNA into its embryo, making it the world's first transgenic animal These achievements led to concerns in the scientific community about potential risks from genetic engineering, which were first discussed in depth at the Asilomar Conference in 1975.
Potential cures can be tested against these mouse models.
In 2017, researchers in South Korea reported that they had engineered a mouse with an extended genetic code that can produce proteins with unnatural amino acids.
Among the thousands of completed genome sequencing projects include those for rice, a mouse, the plant "Arabidopsis thaliana", the puffer fish, and the bacteria E. coli.
Genome-wide reprogramming in mouse primordial germ cells involves epigenetic imprint erasure leading to totipotency.
In 2012, "I'm Feeling Lucky" was changed to serve as an advertisement for Google services; users hover their computer mouse over the button, it spins and shows an emotion ("I'm Feeling Puzzled" or "I'm Feeling Trendy", for instance), and, when clicked, takes users to a Google service related to that emotion.
Modem cards for laptop PCs, or external USB modems are available, similar in shape and size to a computer mouse, or a pendrive.
Functions performed include window definition, window control, and monitoring of keyboard and mouse input.
When a Guru Meditation is displayed, the options are to reboot by pressing the left mouse button, or to invoke ROMWack by pressing the right mouse button or to manually reboot.
Dead-end alerts are always red and terminal in all OS versions except in a rare series of events, as in when a deprecated Kickstart (example: 1.1) program conditionally boots from disk on a more advanced Kickstart 3.x ROM Amiga running in compatibility mode (therefore eschewing the on-disk OS) and crashes with a red Guru Meditation but subsequently restores itself by pressing the left mouse button, the newer Kickstart recognizing an inadvised low level chipset call for the older ROM directly poking the hardware, and addressing it.
It has been suggested, based on mouse and in vitro studies, that hydrolyzed collagen peptides have chemotactic properties on fibroblasts or an influence on growth of fibroblasts.
HTTP is the foundation of data communication for the World Wide Web, where hypertext documents include hyperlinks to other resources that the user can easily access, for example by a mouse click or by tapping the screen in a web browser.
Hypertext documents are interconnected by hyperlinks, which are typically activated by a mouse click, keypress set, or screen touch.
They can capture mouse input and also have controls like buttons or check boxes.
According to the "Malay Annals", here Parameswara saw a mouse deer outwitting a dog resting under a Malacca tree.
Some early cathode-ray-tube (CRT) screens used a light pen, rather than a mouse, as the pointing device.
Released by digital imaging company Quantel in 1981, the Paintbox was a color graphical workstation with supporting of mouse input, but more oriented for graphics tablets; this model also was notable as one of the first systems with implementation of pop-up menus.
Lisp machines originally developed at MIT and later commercialized by Symbolics and other manufacturers, were early high-end single user computer workstations with advanced graphical user interfaces, windowing, and mouse as an input device.
Released in 1983, the Soviet Union Agat PC featured a graphical interface and a mouse device.
It was driven by user events through the mouse, keyboard, and other input devices.
The WIMP interface incorporates three mouse buttons (named "Select", "Menu" and "Adjust"), context-sensitive menus, window order control (i.e. send to back) and dynamic window focus (a window can have input focus at any position on the stack).
Because most of the very early IBM PC and compatibles lacked any common true graphical capability (they used the 80-column basic text mode compatible with the original MDA display adapter), a series of file managers arose, including Microsoft's DOS Shell, which features typical GUI elements as menus, push buttons, lists with scrollbars and mouse pointer.
Advanced file managers for MS-DOS were able to redefine character shapes with EGA and better display adapters, giving some basic low resolution icons and graphical interface elements, including an arrow (instead of a coloured cell block) for the mouse pointer.
DESQview was not a true GUI but offered certain components of one, such as resizable, overlapping windows and mouse pointing.
The users must then to switch between maximized applications using the Alt+Tab keyboard shortcut; no alternative with the mouse except for de-maximize.
It also was to feature a full mouse.
Recent experimental evidence indicates that systemic administration of deuterium oxide (30% drinking water supplementation) suppresses tumor growth in a standard mouse model of human melanoma, an effect attributed to selective induction of cellular stress signaling and gene expression in tumor cells.
This theory has been supported by experiments showing that within a population of mouse haematopoietic progenitor cells, underlying stochastic variability in the distribution of Sca-1, a stem cell factor, subdivides the population into groups exhibiting variable rates of cellular differentiation.
Around the same time the black rat and the house mouse emigrate from Asia to Egypt.
There are numerous offshore islets and skerries: Eilean Annraidh (island of storm) and Eilean Chalbha (calf island) to the north, Rèidh Eilean and Stac MhicMhurchaidh to the west and Eilean Mùsimul (mouse holm island) and Soa Island to the south are amongst the largest.
The IBM 3472G announced in 1989 was the successor to 3192G and featured five concurrent sessions, one of which could be graphics. Unlike the 3192-G, it needed no expansion unit to attach a mouse or color plotter, and it needed no expansion unit to attach a mouse or color plotter and it could also attach a tablet device for digitised input and a bar code reader.
Inuit also use animal names, traditionally believing that by using those names, they took on some of the characteristics of that animal: "Nanuq" or "Nanoq" in Kalaallisut (polar-bear), "Uqalik" or "Ukaleq" in Kalaallisut (Arctic hare), and "Tiriaq" or "Teriaq" in Kalaallisut (mouse) are favourites.
Nucleus transplantation experiments in mouse zygotes in the early 1980s confirmed that normal development requires the contribution of both the maternal and paternal genomes.
The vast majority of mouse embryos derived from parthenogenesis (called parthenogenones, with two maternal or egg genomes) and androgenesis (called androgenones, with two paternal or sperm genomes) die at or before the blastocyst/implantation stage.
Nevertheless, in 2018 genome editing allowed for bipaternal and viable bimaternal mouse and even (in 2022) parthenogenesis, still this is far from full reimprinting.
However, in 2004, experimental manipulation by Japanese researchers of a paternal methylation imprint controlling the "Igf2" gene led to the birth of a mouse (named Kaguya) with two maternal sets of chromosomes, though it is not a true parthenogenone since cells from two different female mice were used.
At the same time as the generation of the gynogenetic and androgenetic embryos discussed above, mouse embryos were also being generated that contained only small regions that were derived from either a paternal or maternal source.
The expression of non-coding RNAs, such as antisense Igf2r RNA ("Air") on mouse chromosome 17 and KCNQ1OT1 on human chromosome 11p15.5, have been shown to be essential for the imprinting of genes in their corresponding regions.
For example, pressing a keyboard key or moving a mouse plugged into a PS/2 port triggers hardware interrupts that cause the processor to read the keystroke or mouse position.
Interrupts are commonly used to service hardware timers, transfer data to and from storage (e.g., disk I/O) and communication interfaces (e.g., UART, Ethernet), handle keyboard and mouse events, and to respond to any other time-sensitive events as required by the application system.
Both normally function so as to control the mouse population.
Japan has over 90,000 species of wildlife , including the brown bear, the Japanese macaque, the Japanese raccoon dog, the small Japanese field mouse, and the Japanese giant salamander.
Four species of small mammal are considered native: the wood mouse ("Apodemus sylvaticus"), the Jersey bank vole ("Myodes glareolus caesarius"), the lesser white-toothed shrew ("Crocidura suaveolens") and the French shrew ("Sorex coronatus").
In NowGamer's interview with Jim Boone, a producer at Volition Inc., he stated that "FreeSpace 2"s poor sales could have been due to joysticks' being sold poorly because they were "going out of fashion" because more modern first-person shooters, such as "Quake", were "very much about the mouse and [the] keyboard".
It was around that time [when] the more modern FPS with mouse and keyboard came out, as opposed to just keyboard like "Wolfenstein [3D]" or something.".
Specialist joysticks, classed as an assistive technology pointing device, are used to replace the computer mouse for people with fairly severe physical disabilities.
They are often useful to people with athetoid conditions, such as cerebral palsy, who find them easier to grasp than a standard mouse.
1857 On the flow of the lacteal fluid in the mesentery of the mouse.
For the first experiment, a mouse that was fed beforehand on bread and milk was chloroformed then had its abdomen opened and a length of intestine placed on glass under a microscope.
For the second experiment Lister dyed some bread with indigo dye and fed it to a mouse, with the result that no indigo particles were ever seen in the chyle.
Described as "over-the-top destruction" by the "Toronto Star", Reeves plays a father, home alone, when two young women show up and start a game of cat and mouse.
Native or endemic species of the Korean Peninsula include Korean hare, Korean water deer, Korean field mouse, Korean brown frog, Korean pine and Korean spruce.
Every tool imaginable is within immediate reach or just a few mouse clicks away on the Internet."
A laser projection device approximately the size of a computer mouse projects the outline of keyboard keys onto a flat surface, such as a table or desk.
When typing on a keyboard, a person should keep the shoulders relaxed with the elbows at the side, with the keyboard and mouse positioned so that reaching is not necessary.
Some adaptive technology ranging from special keyboards, mouse replacements and pen tablet interfaces to speech recognition software can reduce the risk of injury.
Switching to a much more ergonomic mouse, such as a vertical mouse or joystick mouse may provide relief.
By using a touchpad or a stylus pen with a graphic tablet, in place of a mouse, one can lessen the repetitive strain on the arms and hands.
Each adult human kidney contains around 1 million nephrons, while a mouse kidney contains only about 12,500 nephrons.
Ulf Erikson implemented tabbed browsing functionality via "layers" which provided the functionality of tabbed browsing and worked with other Kplugins including macros and mouse gestures.
Molyneux was forced to explain to the Mayor how the game's on-screen hand was controlled by the glove (which Healey was wearing), when it was actually being controlled by a mouse with Healey's other hand, which were hidden.
It has also published a subseries of children's texts in Latin by Bell &amp; Forte, which recounts the adventures of a mouse called Minimus.
In wilder areas of Outer London, such as Epping Forest, a wide variety of mammals are found, including European hare, badger, field, bank and water vole, wood mouse, yellow-necked mouse, mole, shrew, and weasel, in addition to red fox, grey squirrel and hedgehog.
The disease is usually initially spread to people via contact with the urine or feces of an infected multimammate mouse.
Lassa virus commonly spreads to humans from other animals, specifically the "Natal multimammate mouse" or African rat, also called the Natal multimammate rat ("Mastomys natalensis").
This is probably the most common mouse in equatorial Africa, common in human households and eaten as a delicacy in some areas.
The multimammate mouse can quickly produce a large number of offspring, tends to colonize human settlements, increasing the risk of rodent-human contact, and is found throughout the west, central and eastern parts of the African continent.
Once the mouse has become a carrier, it will excrete the virus throughout the rest of its lifetime through feces and urine creating ample opportunity for exposure.
The machines provided a large, black and white, bitmap display, keyboard and mouse, network adapter, local hard disks, more than 1 MB RAM, serial interfaces, and a local bus for extension cards.
Optical computer mice use LEDs as a light source for the miniature camera within the mouse.
In Leland's mythology, Diana pursued her brother Lucifer across the sky as a cat pursues a mouse.
Leto turned into a shrew mouse.
Some mammals have more vibrant colors; certain monkeys such mandrills and vervet monkeys, and opossums such as the Mexican mouse opossums and Derby's woolly opossums, have blue skin due to light diffraction in collagen fibers.
A knockout mouse is a genetically modified mouse with an inactivated gene, replaced or disrupted with an artificial piece of DNA.
A mouse (: mice) is a small rodent.
The best known mouse species is the common house mouse ("Mus musculus").
Generally, when a muroid rodent is discovered, its common name includes the term "mouse" if it is smaller, or "rat" if it is larger.
The common terms "rat" and "mouse" are not taxonomically specific.
Typical mice are classified in the genus "Mus", but the term "mouse" is not confined to members of "Mus" and can also apply to species from other genera such as the deer mouse, "Peromyscus".
Domestic mice sold as pets often differ substantially in size from the common house mouse.
The best-known strain of mouse is the white lab mouse.
Due to its remarkable adaptability to almost any environment, the mouse is one of the most successful mammalian genera living on Earth today.
In North America, breathing dust that has come in contact with mouse excrement has been linked to hantavirus, which may lead to hantavirus pulmonary syndrome (HPS).
In captivity, mice are commonly fed commercial pelleted mouse diet.
The mouse genome has been sequenced, and virtually all mouse genes have human homologs.
The mouse has approximately 2.7 billion base pairs and 20 pairs of chromosomes.
A knockout mouse is a genetically modified mouse that has had one or more of its genes made inoperable through a gene knockout.
Some common mouse care products are:
In many countries, however, mouse is no longer a food item.
It was believed that mouse eating by the mother would help heal the baby who was ill.
However, even the earliest Windows versions already assumed many typical operating system functions; notably, having their own executable file format and providing their own device drivers (timer, graphics, printer, mouse, keyboard and sound).
Unlike mitotic cells, human and mouse oocytes do not have centrosomes to produce the meiotic spindle.
In yeast, mouse and human, it has been estimated that ≥200 double-strand breaks (DSBs) are formed per meiotic cell.
These expanded on previous hardware commitments from Microsoft following its original Microsoft Mouse in 1983; as of 2007 the company sold the best-selling wired keyboard (Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000), mouse (IntelliMouse), and desktop webcam (LifeCam) in the United States.
A popular joke at the time was to cover Paasikivi's face except for his ear and back of the head on the Mk 10 note, ending up with something resembling a mouse, said to be the only animal illustration in the entire series.
The shiverer mouse represents one animal model of dysmyelination.
Examples include MouseDrake to set up a mouse, DiskDrake to set up disk partitions and drakconnect to set up a network connection.
Examples include "Escherichia coli" ("E. coli"), baker's yeast ("Saccharomyces cerevisiae"), the T4 phage virus, the fruit fly "Drosophila melanogaster", the flowering plant "Arabidopsis thaliana", guinea pigs ("Cavia porcellus"), and the mouse ("Mus musculus").
During the same time period, studies on mouse genetics in the laboratory of William Ernest Castle in collaboration with Abbie Lathrop led to generation of the DBA ("dilute, brown and non-agouti") inbred mouse strain and the systematic generation of other inbred strains.
The mouse has since been used extensively as a model organism and is associated with many important biological discoveries of the 20th and 21st centuries.
Humans share about 99% of their genome with chimpanzees (98.7% with bonobos) and over 90% with the mouse.
The classic model vertebrate is currently the mouse ("Mus musculus").
The rat ("Rattus norvegicus") is particularly useful as a toxicology model, and as a neurological model and source of primary cell cultures, owing to the larger size of organs and suborganellar structures relative to the mouse, while eggs and embryos from "Xenopus tropicalis" and "Xenopus laevis" (African clawed frog) are used in developmental biology, cell biology, toxicology, and neuroscience.
In addition, inbred mouse strains are used in the overwhelming majority of studies, while the human population is heterogeneous, pointing to the importance of studies in interstrain hybrid, outbred, and nonlinear mice.
He published the first images of two tubes of water in 1973 in the journal "Nature", followed by the picture of a living animal, a clam, and in 1974 by the image of the thoracic cavity of a mouse.
They represent the cat, mouse, rooster and centipede.
Human and mouse somatic cells have a mutation rate more than ten times higher than the germline mutation rate for both species; mice have a higher rate of both somatic and germline mutations per cell division than humans.
In the late 1980s, personal computer motherboards began to include single ICs (also called Super I/O chips) capable of supporting a set of low-speed peripherals: PS/2 keyboard and mouse, floppy disk drive, serial ports, and parallel ports.
Additionally, nearly all motherboards include logic and connectors to support commonly used input devices, such as USB for mouse devices and keyboards.
Software synthesizers offer great power and versatility, but some players feel that division of attention between a MIDI keyboard and a computer keyboard and mouse robs some of the immediacy from the playing experience.
Unlike most MS-DOS programs at the time, Microsoft Word was designed to be used with a mouse.
Frequently used or repetitive sequences of keystrokes and mouse movements can be automated.
It called the software "clever, put together well and performs some extraordinary feats", but concluded that "especially when operated with the mouse, has many more limitations than benefits ... extremely frustrating to learn and operate efficiently".
The 6845 had support for a light pen, an alternative to a computer mouse.
Mammalian cell lines such as Chinese hamster V79 cells, Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells or mouse lymphoma cells may be used to test for mutagenesis.
Transgenic mouse assay using a mouse strain infected with a viral shuttle vector is another method for testing mutagens.
Animals are first treated with suspected mutagen, the mouse DNA is then isolated and the phage segment recovered and used to infect "E. coli".
For example, mouse: "small, gray rodent with a long tail" → "small, gray computer device with a long cord".
Keyboard and mouse macros.
Keyboard macros and mouse macros allow short sequences of keystrokes and mouse actions to transform into other, usually more time-consuming, sequences of keystrokes and mouse actions.
In this way, frequently used or repetitive sequences of keystrokes and mouse movements can be automated.
They have to some extent fallen into obsolescence following the advent of mouse-driven user interfaces and the availability of keyboard and mouse macros in applications such as word processors and spreadsheets, making it possible to create application-sensitive keyboard macros.
Keyboard and mouse macros that are created using an application's built-in macro features are sometimes called application macros.
In 1817, Sertürner reported experiments in which he administered morphine to himself, three young boys, three dogs, and a mouse; all four people almost died.
The most common animal species present in the state are monkeys, wild pigs, tiger, leopard, gaur, sloth bear, sambar, four-horned antelope, chital, barking deer, mouse deer, small Indian civet, golden jackal, jungle cat, and hare.
Engelbart updated the Memex microfilm storage desk and thereby arrived at a pioneering vision for a personal computer connected to an electronic visual display and a mouse pointing device.
Barnet also makes the distinction between the idea of a constructive Memex and the "permanent trails" described in "As We May Think," and attributes Bush's machine learning concepts to Claude Shannon's mechanical mouse and work with "feedback and machine learning".
The next version, OS X 10.10 Yosemite, adopted a design similar to iOS 7 but with greater complexity suitable for an interface controlled with a mouse.
Genetic changes in the bat genome identified the changes that lead to this phenotype and it has been recapitulated in mice: when specific bat DNA is inserted in the mouse genome, recapitulating these mutations, the bones of mice grow longer.
Glaucus was playing with a ball or mouse and suddenly disappeared one day.
Although modafinil enhances the efficiency of prefrontal cortical information processing, there is also some human and mouse evidence to suggest that modafinil conversely reduces amygdala activity (both through direct fMRI observation and anxiety questionnaires).
In computing, a pointing device gesture or mouse gesture (or simply gesture) is a way of combining pointing device or finger movements and clicks that the software recognizes as a specific computer event and responds to accordingly.
Each program that recognizes pointing device gestures does so in its own way, sometimes allowing for very short mouse movement distances to be recognized as gestures, and sometimes requiring very precise emulation of a certain movement pattern (e.g. circle).
The game "Arx Fatalis" uses mouse gestures for drawing runes in the air to cast spells.
"Ōkami" uses a system similar to mouse gestures; the player can enter a drawing mode in which the shape they create (circle, lightning bolt, line, etc.) performs a function in the game such as creating a bomb or changing the time from night to day.
Other examples of computer games that use mouse gestures are "Die by the Sword" and "Silver" where basic mouse gestures actually map attack moves and such in real-time combat, along with ', which has a control scheme that implements its titular rider "reflex" system with mouse gestures.
Opera browser also supports mouse chording which serves a similar function but doesn't necessitate mouse movement.
The first browser that used advanced mouse gestures (in 2002) was Maxthon, in which a highly customizable interface allowed the assignment of almost every action to one of 52 mouse gestures and few mouse chords.
Several mouse gesture extensions are also available for the Mozilla Firefox browser.
Some tools provide mouse gestures support in any application for Microsoft Windows.
K Desktop Environment 3 includes universal mouse gesture support since version 3.2.
Windows Aero provides three mouse gestures called Aero Peek, Aero Shake and Aero Snap.
Many touchpads, which in laptops replace the traditional mouse, have similar gesture support.
Most recent versions of Opera (11 and above) uses an on-screen pie menu to simply and instructively display which mouse gestures are available and how to activate them, providing feedback and visibility.
Holding down buttons while moving the mouse can be awkward and requires some practice, since the downwards action increases friction for the horizontal motion.
An optical mouse would be less susceptible to changes in behavior than a ball mouse with increased friction because the sensor does not rely on mechanical contact to sense movement; a touchpad provides no added friction with all its buttons held down with a thumb.
The longtime mascot of The Walt Disney Company, Mickey is an anthropomorphic mouse who typically wears red shorts, large yellow shoes, and white gloves.
The character’s status as a small mouse is personified through his diminutive stature and falsetto voice, the latter of which was originally provided by Disney.
Walt Disney got the inspiration for Mickey Mouse from a tame mouse at his desk at Laugh-O-Gram Studio in Kansas City, Missouri.
These inspired Ub Iwerks to create a new mouse character for Disney.
However, by 1938, the more manic Donald Duck would surpass the passive Mickey, resulting in a redesign of the mouse between 1938 and 1940 that put Mickey at the peak of his popularity.
Disney said that this was both an artistic and financial decision, explaining, "Artistically five digits are too many for a mouse.
There have been numerous parodies of Mickey Mouse, such as the two-page parody "Mickey Rodent" by Will Elder (published in "Mad" #19, 1955) in which the mouse walks around unshaven and jails Donald Duck out of jealousy over the duck's larger popularity.
Rather than change the appearance or name of the character, which O'Neill felt would dilute the parody, the mouse depicted in "Air Pirates Funnies" looks like and is named "Mickey Mouse".
The animated short, which features the mouse as a kepi-wearing soldier fighting cat enemies in German-style helmets, was viewed by censors as a negative portrayal of Germany.
In 1935 Romanian authorities also banned Mickey Mouse films from cinemas, purportedly fearing that children would be "scared to see a ten-foot mouse in the movie theatre".
Although immensely popular with children, there was controversy with the appointment: some Melburnians wanted a 'home-grown' choice, e.g. Blinky Bill; when it was revealed that Patricia O'Carroll (from Disneyland's Disney on Parade show) was performing the mouse, Australian newspapers reported "Mickey Mouse is really a girl!"
It allows streaming of audio and video, and can capture mouse, keyboard, microphone, and camera input.
Usually, this refers to the mouse brain since an understanding of the mouse brain is seen as a stepping stone to understand the human.
The efficiency of this method and the large amounts of data that is generated allowed researchers to make some general conclusions about cell types; for example that the human and mouse brain have different versions of fundamentally the same cell types.
Genome-wide nucleosome positioning maps are now available for many model organisms including mouse liver and brain.
A recent study indicates that nucleosome positions change significantly during mouse embryonic stem cell development, and these changes are related to binding of developmental transcription factors.
GNU nano can also use pointing devices, such as a mouse, to activate functions that are on the shortcut bar, as well as position the cursor.
While studies have been conducted to see if various NSAIDs can improve behavior in transgenic mouse models of Alzheimer's disease and observational studies in humans have shown promise, there is no good evidence from randomized clinical trials that NSAIDs can treat or prevent Alzheimer's in humans; clinical trials of NSAIDs for treatment of Alzheimer's have found more harm than benefit.
All user software needs to go through the operating system in order to use any of the hardware, whether it be as simple as a mouse or keyboard or as complex as an Internet component.
Likewise, when a user moves a mouse, the cursor immediately moves across the screen.
Each keystroke and mouse movement generates an "interrupt" called "Interrupt-driven I/O".
The user interface views the directory structure and requests services from the operating system that will acquire data from input hardware devices, such as a keyboard, mouse or credit card reader, and requests operating system services to display prompts, status messages and such on output hardware devices, such as a video monitor or printer.
In one experiment, he found that placing either a mouse or a lit candle in a closed container over water caused the water to rise and replace one-fourteenth of the air's volume before extinguishing the subjects.
He noted that candles burned brighter in the gas and that a mouse was more active and lived longer while breathing it.
OS/2 features an API for controlling the video display (VIO) and handling keyboard and mouse events so that programmers writing for protected mode need not call the BIOS or access hardware directly.
For example, it included a windowing, keyboard and mouse API, in part because it was developed before the X Window System and Sun's NeWS.
Denise also handles mouse and digital joystick input.
A small wallaby, a large-eared mouse and shrew-like marsupial were discovered.
Primates range in size from Madame Berthe's mouse lemur, which weighs , to the eastern gorilla, weighing over .
During the Roman period, it was commonly known as or in Latin, and as "Leukotekía" in Greek, which is interpreted as either stemming from the Celtic root "*lukot-" ('mouse'), or from *"luto-" ('marsh, swamp'), depending on whether the Latin or Greek form is the closest to the original Gaulish name.
Ehrlich rejected inheritance in the genetic sense because the offspring of a male mouse immunized against abrin and an untreated female mouse were not immune to abrin.
After the disappearance of the passenger pigeon, the population of another acorn feeding species, the white-footed mouse, grew exponentially because of the increased availability of the seeds of the oak, beech and chestnut trees.
Nor did PS have any sort of interactivity built in; for example, supporting hit detection for mouse interactivity obviously did not apply when PS was being used on a printer.
Sun added a number of new commands for timers, mouse control, interrupts and other systems needed for interactivity, and added data structures and language elements to allow it to be completely object oriented internally.
In 2010, scientists named a pheromone identified in male mouse urine "darcin", after Mr Darcy, because it strongly attracted females.
Plan 9 represents the user interface on a terminal by means of three pseudo-files: , which can be read by a program to get notification of mouse movements and button clicks, , which can be used to perform textual input/output, and , writing to which enacts graphics operations (see bit blit).
The window system thus receives all input and output commands from the program and handles these appropriately, by sending output to the actual screen device and giving the currently focused program the keyboard and mouse input.
The command exports part of its local namespace, including the user's terminal's devices (, , ), to the server, so that remote programs can perform input/output using the terminal's mouse, keyboard and display, combining the effects of remote login and a shared network filesystem.
Its genus, "Cynomys", derives from the Greek for "dog mouse" (κυων "kuōn", κυνος "kunos" – dog; μυς "mus", μυός "muos" – mouse).
He further discovered that a mouse could similarly "injure" air.
He then showed that the air that had been "injured" by the candle and the mouse could be restored by a plant.
He discovered that it was the influence of sunlight on the plant that could cause it to revive a mouse in a matter of hours.
Additionally, new mouse models homozygous for "PKD1" hypomorphic alleles 22 and 23 and the demonstration of increased renal epithelial cell proliferation in PKD2 +/− mice suggest that mechanisms other than the two-hit hypothesis also contribute to the cystic phenotype.
Research using ADPKD mouse models showed that mild food restriction strongly improved disease progression.
The mechanism was shown to involve the metabolic state of ketosis, and beneficial effects could be produced by time-restricted feeding, acute fasting, a ketogenic diet, or by supplementation with the ketone beta-hydroxybutyrate in mouse, rat and cat models of ADPKD.
CAD systems and graphical user interfaces (GUI) allow the user to control and provide data to the computer using physical gestures by moving a hand-held mouse or similar device across the surface of the physical desktop and activating switches on the mouse.
While the most common pointing device by far is the mouse, many more devices have been developed.
However, the term "mouse" is commonly used as a metaphor for devices that move a computer cursor.
An indirect-input pointing device is not at the same physical position as the pointer but translates its movement onto the screen (e.g., computer mouse, joystick, stylus on a graphics tablet).
A relative-movement input device (e.g., mouse, joystick) maps displacement in the input space to displacement in the output state.
An isotonic pointing device is movable and measures its displacement (mouse, pen, human arm) whereas an isometric device is fixed and measures the force which acts on it (trackpoint, force-sensing touch screen).
A position-control input device (e.g., mouse, finger on touch screen) directly changes the absolute or relative position of the on-screen pointer.
A computer mouse has two degrees of freedom, namely its movement on the x- and y-axis.
For example, a hardware mouse moves in another speed or distance than the cursor on the screen.
The Microsoft, macOS and X window systems have implemented mechanisms which adapt the CD gain to the user's needs. e.g. the CD gain increases when the user's movement velocity increases (historically referred to as "mouse acceleration").
A mouse is a small handheld device pushed over a horizontal surface.
A mouse moves the graphical pointer by being slid across a smooth surface.
The conventional roller-ball mouse uses a ball to create this action: the ball is in contact with two small shafts that are set at right angles to each other.
As the ball moves these shafts rotate, and the rotation is measured by sensors within the mouse.
The distance and direction information from the sensors is then transmitted to the computer, and the computer moves the graphical pointer on the screen by following the movements of the mouse.
Another common mouse is the optical mouse.
This device is very similar to the conventional mouse but uses visible or infrared light instead of a roller-ball to detect the changes in position.
Additionally there is the mini-mouse, which is a small egg-sized mouse for use with laptop computers; usually small enough for use on a free area of the laptop body itself, it is typically optical, includes a retractable cord and uses a USB port to save battery life.
A trackball is a pointing device consisting of a ball housed in a socket containing sensors to detect rotation of the ball about two axis, similar to an upside-down mouse: as the user rolls the ball with a thumb, fingers, or palm the pointer on the screen will also move.
Tracker balls are commonly used on CAD workstations for ease of use, where there may be no desk space on which to use a mouse.
Some are able to clip onto the side of the keyboard and have buttons with the same functionality as mouse buttons.
The corresponding "mouse" buttons are commonly placed just below the space bar.
A cursor (also called a puck) is similar to a mouse, except that it has a window with cross hairs for pinpoint placement, and it can have as many as 16 buttons.
This is different from a mouse because each point on the tablet represents a point on the screen.
At least one physical button normally comes with the touchpad, but the user can also generate a mouse click by tapping on the pad.
Work in mouse embryonic stem cells has recently shown however that the expression of P53 does not necessarily lead to differentiation. p53 also activates miR-34a and miR-145, which then repress the hESCs pluripotency factors, further instigating differentiation.
p53 by regulating Leukemia Inhibitory Factor has been shown to facilitate implantation in the mouse and possibly humans reproduction.
The "TP53" gene from the mouse was first cloned by Peter Chumakov of The Academy of Sciences of the USSR in 1982, and independently in 1983 by Moshe Oren in collaboration with David Givol (Weizmann Institute of Science).
Recently, it has been discovered, that PGLYRPs (and also NOD-like receptors and peptidoglycan transporters) are highly expressed in the developing mouse brain.
A pie menu is made of several "pie slices" around an inactive center and works best with stylus input, and well with a mouse.
In 1986, Mike Gallaher and Don Hopkins together independently arrived at the concept of a context menu based on the angle to the origin where the exact angle and radius could be passed as parameters to a command, and a mouse click could be used to trigger an item or submenu.
This action is called a "mark ahead" ("mouse ahead" in the case of a mouse, "wave ahead" in the case of a dataglove).
Pie menus show available options, in contrast to invisible mouse gestures.
Pie menus, which delay appearance until the pointer is not moving, reduce intrusiveness to the same level as mouse gestures for experienced users.
Peripherals include a PC-FX mouse, which is supported by strategy games like "Farland Story FX" and "Power DoLLS FX".
PS3 includes the ability to store various master and secondary user profiles, manage and explore photos with or without a musical slide show, play music and copy audio CD tracks to an attached data storage device, play movies and video files from the hard disk drive, an optical disc (Blu-ray Disc or DVD-Video) or an optional USB mass storage or Flash card, compatibility for a USB keyboard and mouse and a web browser supporting compatible-file download function.
Small mammals that might be kept as pets include: ferret, hedgehog, rabbit, sugar glider, and rodents, including rat, mouse, hamster, guinea pig, gerbil, and chinchilla.
Light-altered neuron activation occurs within about 5–20 milliseconds in a rabbit retinal ganglion, although in a mouse retinal ganglion cell the initial spike takes between 40 and 240 milliseconds before the initial activation.
In 1999, psychologists Wegner and Wheatley gave subjects instructions to move a mouse around a scene and point to an image about once every thirty seconds.
However, a second person—acting as a test subject but actually a confederate—had their hand on the mouse at the same time, and controlled some of the movement.
"Quake III Revolution" was widely criticized for having long loading times compared to the Dreamcast and PC versions, poor game balance, and for not including USB mouse and keyboard support out of the box (unlike the PlayStation 2's version of Unreal Tournament).
Some of these effects would even respond to mouse clicks by the user, as part of the new movie interaction support (known as wired movies).
This supported a comprehensive user interaction model for mouse and keyboard event handling based in part on the AML language from the Apple Media Tool.
It also includes a new way of fast forwarding through a video and mouse support for scrolling.
These include "wawa" "baby, infant," "ch'aki" "hangover," "misi" "cat," "juk'ucho" "mouse," "q'omer uchu" "green pepper," "jacu" "let's go," "chhiri" and "chhurco" "curly haired," among many others.
For example, ('frost') is transliterated "moroz", and ('mouse'), "mysh" or "myš"'.
The Augustan poet Horace gently satirized the dichotomy of urban and rural values in his fable of the city mouse and the country mouse, which has often been retold as a children's story.
Retroviral mutations can be developed to make transgenic mouse models to study various cancers and their metastatic models.
Retroviruses that cause tumor growth include "Rous sarcoma virus" and "mouse mammary tumor virus".
For example, mice have mouse mammary tumor virus (MMTV), which is a retrovirus.
Compare the above Vietnamese example, which is a "rhyming" simile, to the English phrase "(as) poor as a church mouse", which is only a "semantic" simile.
In 2004, by altering the function of a few genes involved with imprinting, other Japanese scientists combined two mouse eggs to produce daughter mice and in 2018 Chinese scientists created 29 female mice from two female mice mothers but were unable to produce viable offspring from two father mice.
Usually the common name of a large muroid rodent will include the word "rat", while a smaller muroid's name will include "mouse".
The common terms "rat" and "mouse" are not taxonomically specific.
Ancient Romans did not generally differentiate between rats and mice, instead referring to the former as "mus maximus" (big mouse) and the latter as "mus minimus" (little mouse).
The rat (sometimes referred to as a mouse) is the first of the twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac.
The rat plays a villain in several mouse societies; from Brian Jacques's "Redwall" and Robin Jarvis's "The Deptford Mice", to the roles of Disney's Professor Ratigan and Kate DiCamillo's Roscuro and Botticelli.
"Playboy" gave the same console version a score of 90% and stated, "Virtually every element of "Red Faction" is nicely polished – even the controls are intuitive, unlike most console shooters, which make PC gaming vets long for a keyboard and mouse."
Examples of Germanic words in Swedish are "mus" ("mouse"), "kung" ("king"), and "gås" ("goose").
Of his verses, the best known is "The Elephant on the Moon", about a mouse trapped in a telescope, a satire on Sir Paul Neale of the Royal Society.
The salt marsh harvest mouse is an endangered species endemic to the wetlands of the San Francisco Bay with a high salt tolerance.
Using money from NASA, the US Air Force, and ARPA, Douglas Engelbart invented the mouse and hypertext-based collaboration tools in the mid-1960s and 1970s while at Stanford Research Institute (now SRI International), first publicly demonstrated in 1968 in what is now known as The Mother of All Demos.
One issue is whether a software's functions can be executed from the keyboard, or whether they require the use of a mouse, because keyboards are usable by a wider spectrum of people.
The wood mouse "Apodemus sylvaticus" possesses spermatozoa with falciform morphology.
The postmeiotic phase of mouse spermatogenesis is very sensitive to environmental genotoxic agents, because as male germ cells form mature spermatozoa they progressively lose the ability to repair DNA damage.
The formula is normally only shown when the cell is selected by "clicking" the mouse over a particular cell; otherwise, it contains the result of the calculation.
In addition to hyperlinks as mentioned below, any part of an SVG image can be made receptive to user interface events such as changes in focus, mouse clicks, scrolling or zooming the image and other pointer, keyboard and document events.
Sophia was, at first, against the marriage of her son George and Sophia Dorothea of Celle, looking down on Sophia Dorothea's mother (who was not of royal birth and to whom Sophia referred as "mouse dirt mixed among the pepper") and concerned by Sophia Dorothea's legitimated status, but was eventually won over by the financial advantages inherent in the marriage.
In 1981, embryonic stem (ES) cells were first isolated and successfully cultured using mouse blastocysts by British biologists Martin Evans and Matthew Kaufman.
Nearly all research to date has made use of mouse embryonic stem cells (mES) or human embryonic stem cells (hES) derived from the early inner cell mass.
Human ESCs are grown on a feeder layer of mouse embryonic fibroblasts and require the presence of basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF or FGF-2).
Foundational insight into the distinctive regulation of ESC cell cycle was gained by studies on mouse ESCs (mESCs). mESCs showed a cell cycle with highly abbreviated G1 phase, which enabled cells to rapidly alternate between M phase and S phase.
They used the transcription factors Oct3/4, Sox2, c-Myc, and Klf4 to reprogram mouse fibroblast cells into pluripotent cells.
Later named the "Macintosh 128k", it would become the first mass-market personal computer featuring an integral graphical user interface and mouse.
Genetic mouse mutants illustrate the power that genes exert on behaviour.
Thus, when FEV is genetically deleted from the mouse genome, male mice will instantly attack other males, whereas their wild-type counterparts take significantly longer to initiate violent behaviour.
In addition to Smalltalk, working prototypes of things such as hypertext, GUIs, multimedia, the mouse, telepresence, and the Internet were developed by ARPA researchers in the 1960s.
As a point-and-click adventure game, the player controls the protagonist of the story, Simon, by using the mouse; with exception to the iOS and Android versions, which feature touchscreen controls.
Other features of the engine included translating actions performed by the mouse into text commands (a sentence parser carries them out), the loading of data as needed, and functions could be implemented by the simple addition of commands.
In 2019, Denis Drayna suggested that brain imaging studies of people who stutter do not tell if the differences in the brain anatomy caused stuttering or if they are the effect of stuttering;In the mouse model for stuttering created by Drayna and team, they noticed significant similarities between the vocalizations in mice (carrying GNPTAB mutation) and human stuttering.
Morgart observed a white-tailed antelope squirrel capturing and eating a silky pocket mouse.
Most GUI environments neglect , which means scrolling must be accomplished with a mouse, using means such as scrollbars or scroll wheels.
Often, the middle of the wheel mouse button works as a toggle determining if mouse movements will move the mouse cursor or scroll the contents in the scroll window.
Compared to the standard keyboard driver KEYB these drivers offered several extensions including an extended keystroke buffer with key stacking facility, macro recorder, and a second cursor called CopyCursor, which could be invoked on demand (by default on pressing or the middle mouse button) and freely moved on the screen using the cursor keys or the mouse, even outside the area reachable by the standard cursor in the running application.
Once invoked, pressing (or the left mouse button) the characters under the CopyCursor could be stuffed, one after another, into the keyboard buffer, from where they would be read by the running application as emulated key (or Alt Numpad) input, thereby typically showing up at the location of the standard cursor.
Keyboard, video, mouse switches (KVM) often use the Scroll Lock key on the keyboard connected to the KVM switch for selecting between computers.
The mouse deer, a small tusked deer as large as a toy dog or cat, mostly can be found on Sumatra, Borneo (Indonesia), and in Palawan Islands (Philippines).
Intestinal epithelium-specific deletion of mouse "Piezo1" profoundly disturbed gut peristalsis, impeded experimental colitis, and suppressed serum 5-HT levels.
Whereas the above Vietnamese example is of a rhyming simile, the English simile "(as) poor as a church mouse" is only a semantic simile.
The geographical isolation and recent glacial history of Shetland have resulted in a depleted mammalian fauna and the brown rat and house mouse are two of only three species of rodent present in the islands.
The Shetland field mouse is the third and the archipelago's fourth endemic subspecies, of which there are three varieties in Yell, Foula, and Fair Isle.
Other predators adapted for hunting scorpions include the grasshopper mouse and desert long-eared bat, which are also immune to their venom.
Controlling the games for the system is accomplished either by using the Magic Pen like a mouse, or by pressing the directional buttons on the console.
Other accessories include a keyboard, mouse, floppy disk drive, and movie card.
As in "", the player uses a freely movable mouse cursor to aim weapons, to interact with objects and to manipulate the heads-up display (HUD) interface.
It is often used to complement OpenGL by setting up the graphical output and providing mouse and keyboard input, since OpenGL comprises only rendering.
The snake somitogenesis clock operates at a frequency 4 times that of a mouse (after correction for developmental time), creating more somites, and therefore creating more vertebrae.
According to the first chapter, he looked very much like a mouse in every way.
He is normal in every way except that he is only just over tall and looks exactly like a mouse.
He wrote "Alexander the Mouse", a story about a mouse born to be king.
The use of speech recognition is more naturally suited to the generation of narrative text, as part of a radiology/pathology interpretation, progress note or discharge summary: the ergonomic gains of using speech recognition to enter structured discrete data (e.g., numeric values or codes from a list or a controlled vocabulary) are relatively minimal for people who are sighted and who can operate a keyboard and mouse.
A large part of the clinician's interaction with the EHR involves navigation through the user interface using menus, and tab/button clicks, and is heavily dependent on keyboard and mouse: voice-based navigation provides only modest ergonomic benefits.
They can also utilize speech recognition technology to enjoy searching the Internet or using a computer at home without having to physically operate a mouse and keyboard.
Tom and Jerry are cat and mouse cartoon characters, Tom Cat and Jerry Mouse, that debuted in 1940.
Featuring the cat and mouse.
It is an important nesting site for migratory birds, the endangered Loggerhead and green sea turtle, the Arabian spiny mouse and many other creatures (including wall lizards, common pipistrelle, and European badger).
A trackball mouse is a pointing device consisting of a ball held by a socket containing sensors to detect a rotation of the ball about two axes—like an upside-down ball mouse with an exposed protruding ball.
With most trackballs, operators have to lift their finger, thumb or hand and reposition in on the ball to continue rolling, whereas a mouse would have to be lifted itself and re-positioned.
The trackball's buttons may be in similar positions to those of a mouse, or configured to suit the user.
Before the advent of the touchpad, small trackballs were common on portable computers (such as the BlackBerry Tour) where there may be no desk space on which to run a mouse.
Some small "thumballs" are designed to clip onto the side of the keyboard and have integral buttons with the same function as mouse buttons.
Somewhat later, the idea of "reversing" this device led to the introduction of the first computer ball mouse (still named "", model RKS 100-86), which was offered as an alternative input device to light pens and trackballs for Telefunken's computer systems since 1968.
Rolling the mouse tended to pick up any dirt and drag it into the system where it would clog the chopper wheels, demanding cleanup.
In September 2017 Logitech announced release of MX-Ergo Mouse, which was released after 6 years of its last trackball mouse.
This combination provides for two-hand aiming and a high accuracy and consistency replacement for the traditional mouse and keyboard combo generally used on first-person shooter games.
Unlike a mouse, a trackball can easily be built into a console, and cannot be ripped away or easily vandalized.
Because trackballs for personal computers are stationary, they may require less space for operation than a mouse, simplifying use in confined or cluttered areas such as a small desk or a rack-mounted terminal.
Some computer users prefer a trackball over the more common mouse for ergonomic reasons.
Elderly people sometimes have difficulty holding a mouse still while double-clicking; the trackball allows them to let go of the ball while using the button.
Mice with a larger trackball on a side may be designed to stay stationary, using the trackball to move the mouse cursor instead of moving the mouse.
In order to prevent the growth of the invasive mice population and extinction of the Albatross bird species, a 2019 Gough Island mouse eradication project was announced (Grundy, 2018).
This appears to be caused by the editor and user's programs using a loop which constantly polls the keyboard and mouse for events.
Dr. Denise Monack and Dr. Stanley Falkow described a mouse model of asymptomatic intestinal and systemic infection in 2004, and Dr. Monack went on to demonstrate that a sub-population of superspreaders are responsible for the majority of transmission to new hosts, following the 80/20 rule of disease transmission, and that the intestinal microbiota likely plays a role in transmission.
Dr. Monack's mouse model allows long-term carriage of salmonella in mesenteric lymph nodes, spleen and liver.
A mouse, on the other hand, does have an interest in not being tormented, because it will suffer if it is.
Another contribution to medicine was made by Ralph L. Brinster (Penn faculty member since 1965) who developed the scientific basis for in vitro fertilization and the transgenic mouse at Penn and was awarded the National Medal of Science in 2010.
In particular, the Alto used a computer mouse, which had been invented by Doug Engelbart (BEng 1952, PhD 1955).
In English, such plurals are rare: "man, woman, tooth, goose, foot, mouse, louse, brother" (archaic or specialized plural in "brethren"), and "cow" (poetic and dialectal plural in "kine").
The result in German is that the vowels written as , , and become , , and , and the diphthong becomes : "man" vs. "men", "foot" vs. "feet", "mouse" vs. "mice".
In various dialects, the umlaut became even more important as a morphological marker of the plural after the apocope of final schwa (); that rounded front vowels have become unrounded in many dialects does not prevent them from serving as markers of the plural given that they remain distinct from their non-umlauted counterparts (just like in English "foot" – "feet", "mouse" – "mice").
For mice and keyboards with dual-protocol support, an adaptor that contains no logic circuitry may be used: the USB hardware in the keyboard or mouse is designed to detect whether it is connected to a USB or PS/2 port, and communicate using the appropriate protocol.
When "Minesweeper" was released with Windows 95, players began using a mouse to play puzzle games.
Some of Vim's enhancements include completion functions, comparison and merging of files (known as vimdiff), a comprehensive integrated help system, extended regular expressions, scripting languages (both native and through alternative scripting interpreters such as Perl, Python, Ruby, Tcl, etc.) including support for plugins, a graphical user interface (gvim), limited integrated development environment-like features, mouse interaction (both with and without the GUI), folding, editing of compressed or archived files in gzip, bzip2, zip, and tar format and files over network protocols such as SSH, FTP, and HTTP, session state preservation, spell checking, split (horizontal and vertical) and tabbed windows, Unicode and other multi-language support, syntax highlighting, trans-session command, search and cursor position histories, multiple level and branching undo/redo history which can persist across editing sessions, and visual mode.
The fundamental problem with vi is that it doesn't have a mouse and therefore you've got all these commands.
Paddy mouse meat—barbecued, braised, stir- or deep-fried—is a delicacy dish that can be found in Southern Vietnamese rural areas or even high-end city restaurants.
Some newer consoles also include optional support for mouse and keyboard devices.
Shortly after "As We May Think" was originally published, Douglas Engelbart read it, and with Bush's visions in mind, commenced work that would later lead to the invention of the mouse.
To replace Oswald, Disney and Iwerks developed Mickey Mouse, possibly inspired by a pet mouse that Disney had adopted while working in his Laugh-O-Gram studio, although the origins of the character are unclear.
Today computers are commonly controlled through the keyboard and the mouse, which could change in the future.
Furthermore, the pointer could be improved from a basic mouse to an accelerator pointer.
Client-side script is delivered with the page that can make additional HTTP requests to the server, either in response to user actions such as mouse movements or clicks, or based on elapsed time.
Such situations include connections between circuit boards in multi-printed-circuit-board devices, where the rigidity of solid wire would produce too much stress as a result of movement during assembly or servicing; A.C. line cords for appliances; musical instrument cables; computer mouse cables; welding electrode cables; control cables connecting moving machine parts; mining machine cables; trailing machine cables; and numerous others.
WordPerfect DOS macros, which assumed a text-based screen, with fixed locations on the screen, could not, or could not easily, be implemented with the Windows WYSIWYG screen and mouse.
WordPerfect lacked a way to meaningfully record mouse movements.
WordPerfect's function-key-centered user interface did not adapt well to the new paradigm of mouse and pull-down menus, especially with many of WordPerfect's standard key combinations pre-empted by incompatible keyboard shortcuts that Windows itself used; for example, Alt-F4 became "Exit Program", as opposed to WordPerfect's "Block Text".
Fast typists appreciate the ability to keep their hands on the keyboard, rather than reaching for the mouse as often as would be required if they were using Microsoft Word.
It also featured style sheets and mouse support.
Many users found it much easier to manipulate blocks this way than with the Microsoft Word system of highlighting with a mouse and then being forced by Word's select-then-do approach to immediately deal with the marked block, lest any typing replace it.
The user accesses the nearby Ctrl key and then a letter or combination of letters, thus keeping his hands on or close to the typing home row instead of moving them away from it to reach for a specialty key or a mouse.
Although only one user at the time can use the console (i.e. monitor, keyboard, and mouse), previous users can resume their session once they regain control of the console.
When they took mice that were performing worse on memory tests than their control mouse counterparts and increased their GPR12 proteins, those mice improved from 50% to 80%.
File shortcuts can also store comments which are displayed as a tooltip when the mouse hovers over the shortcut.
Unlike Windows 3.x, DOS programs running in Windows 95 do not need DOS drivers for the mouse, CD-ROM and sound card; Windows drivers are used instead.
X provides the basic framework for a GUI environment: drawing and moving windows on the display device and interacting with a mouse and keyboard.
X provides the basic framework, or primitives, for building such GUI environments: drawing and moving windows on the display and interacting with a mouse, keyboard or touchscreen.
The server accepts requests for graphical output (windows) and sends back user input (from keyboard, mouse, or touchscreen).
A limitation of X terminals and most thin clients is that they are not capable of any input or output other than the keyboard, mouse, and display.
This ability allows the user interface (mouse, keyboard, monitor) of a running application to be switched from one location to another without stopping and restarting the application.
The latter is a rare configuration allowing multiple users of a single computer to each have an independent set of display, mouse, and keyboard, as though they were using separate computers, but at a lower per-seat cost.
Xerox PARC has been at the heart of numerous revolutionary computer developments, including laser printing, Ethernet, the modern personal computer, GUI (graphical user interface) and desktop paradigm, object-oriented programming, ubiquitous computing, electronic paper, a-Si (amorphous silicon) applications, the computer mouse, and VLSI (very-large-scale integration) for semiconductors.
Most of these developments were included in the Alto, which added the now familiar Stanford Research Institute (SRI) developed mouse, unifying into a single model most aspects of now-standard personal computer use.
Researchers at Xerox and its Palo Alto Research Center invented several important elements of personal computing, such as the desktop metaphor GUI, the computer mouse and desktop computing.
It was the first commercial system to incorporate technologies that have subsequently become commonplace in personal computers, such as a bitmapped display, window-based GUI, mouse, Ethernet networking, file servers, print servers and e-mail.
The Apple Macintosh was released in 1984, and was the first personal computer to popularize the GUI and mouse among the public.
The popular "Minesweeper" game under older versions of Microsoft Windows had a cheat mode triggered by entering the command codice_1, then pressing the key sequence shift and then enter, which turned a single pixel in the top-left corner of the entire screen into a small black or white dot depending on whether or not the mouse pointer is over a mine.
Working under an agreement signed in June 1990, XyQuest devoted nearly all of its development resources to revising Erickson's XyWrite IV to IBM's specifications, including IBM Common User Access-style menus, mouse support and a graphical user interface.
In the paternal genome of the mouse, demethylation of DNA, particularly at sites of methylated cytosines, is likely a key process in establishing totipotency.
It was the first commercially successful personal computer to use a graphical user interface (GUI) and mouse, which started to become general features in computers after the middle of the decade.
The user interface within individual software applications is typically 2D in nature as well, due in part to the fact that most common input devices, such as the mouse, are constrained to two dimensions of movement.
2D graphics editors or "drawing programs" are application-level software for the creation of images, diagrams and illustrations by direct manipulation (through the mouse, graphics tablet, or similar device) of 2D computer graphics primitives.
When there is a large number of computers in a single rack, it is impractical for each one to have its own separate keyboard, mouse, and monitor.
Panasonic and Logitech both released the 3DO mouse.
The Panasonic FZ-JM1 and Logitech 3DO mouse are identical aside from their markings.
Fewer than 20 games supported its use, some of which were optimized for the standard controller or light gun rather than the mouse.
Of the 3DO games which were optimized for use with the mouse, the best known are "Myst" and "Lemmings".
The Panasonic mouse was also bundled with Konami's "Policenauts" Limited Edition in Japan which came with a Policenauts mouse pad.
A large set of these were often featured at the bottom of the screen in the early games, but by "Full Throttle" (1995) and "The Curse of Monkey Island" (1997) these had been reduced to a "verb coin" appearing at the mouse cursor with the option to use character's eyes (to "look"), hands (to "use", "pick up", "push", "pull", etc.), or mouth (to "talk", "consume", "inhale").
Paclitaxel induces remyelination in a demyelinating mouse in vivo and inhibits hPAD2 in vitro though its methyl ester side chain.
In 2016 "in vitro" multi-drug resistant mouse tumor cells were treated with paclitaxel encased in exosomes.
She gained a sponsor in computer mouse manufacturer SpaceTec IMC that year, and her victory against Romero received coverage in "Rolling Stone".
The human-machine interface is generally via a computer mouse but can also be via a pen and digitizing graphics tablet.
Walt and Iwerks replaced Oswald with a mouse character that was originally named Mortimer Mouse but Walt's wife urged him to change the name to Mickey Mouse.
As Mickey Mouse become a heroic character rather than a mischievous mouse, Disney needed another character that could produce gags.
Clit mouse is a colloquial name for pointing sticks (computer input device).
Also in 1972, Peter Mazur, a biologist at ORNL, froze with liquid nitrogen, thawed and implanted mouse embryos in a surrogate mother.
The mouse pups were born healthy.
Changes from 5.5 include: the addition of inline assembly, the addition of the Turbo Vision library, mouse support, clipboard for text manipulations, multiple document interface supporting up to nine edit windows, and debugger support for breakpoints and watches.
Some lecturers prefer to use Borland Pascal 7 or Turbo Pascal 5.5 because of its simplicity in comparison to more modern IDEs such as Microsoft Visual Studio or Borland JBuilder, so it introduces students unfamiliar with computing to common tasks such as using the keyboard and keyboard shortcuts (TP 5.5 has no mouse support), familiarises them with DOS commands (which are largely the same as those of Microsoft Windows's command prompt), and lets them write programs without spending a lot of effort on getting the environment to work.
A functional test may be a scripted series of program inputs, possibly even involving an automated mechanism for controlling mouse movements and clicks.
Sitting at your desk in front of your computer, clicking at a mouse, has nothing to do with hunting."
But his long game of cat and mouse with Nelson had worn him down, and he was suffering from a loss of nerve.
Systems with RS-232C serial ports can use standard serial mice, and later systems, such as the 1000 RL, feature a PS/2 mouse connector.
Other PLUS cards can be installed to add serial ports, a 1200-baud modem, a clock/calendar and bus mouse board, or a proprietary Tandy network interface.
They have a much more compact case, with at least 512 KB of memory pre-installed, smaller PS/2-style keyboard and mouse ports, and at least one ISA expansion slot.
A more upscale offering, the RSX offers a 25 MHz 80386SX processor, 1 MB RAM, two 16-bit ISA slots, AcuMos SVGA video, a bidirectional parallel port, and standard PS/2 keyboard and mouse ports.
It depicts an increasingly desperate French citizen who at first eats a mouse during the German siege, then amputates his dog's tail to cook it, and finally invents an explosion pill which kills his dog and two fellow citizens.
EGF is a low-molecular-weight polypeptide first purified from the mouse submandibular gland, but since then found in many human tissues including the submandibular gland, and the parotid gland.
Alternatives to the battering ram included the drill, the sapper's mouse, the pick, the siege hook, and the hunting ram.
Confirmation of the diagnosis is made by testing of a stool or enema specimen with the mouse bioassay.
Botulinum toxin can be detected by a variety of techniques, including enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISAs), electrochemiluminescent (ECL) tests and mouse inoculation or feeding trials.
To confirm a diagnosis of botulinum toxin poisoning, therapeutically or to provide evidence in death investigations, botulinum toxin may be quantitated by immunoassay of human biological fluids; serum levels of 12–24 mouse LD50 units per milliliter have been detected in poisoned patients.
Florey reminded his staff that promising as their results were, a man weighed 3,000 times as much as a mouse.
